CD Collection

The CD Collection web service allows users to maintain a collection of CDs. CDs will be able to be stored based on the artist of the CD, the identification number of the CD (or ASIN), or the track of a song that is on the CD. The user will also be able to retrieve a list of all of the CDs that are found in the collection and a list of genres associated with each CD.

    all-cds.ejs is a file that shows a list of all of the CDs within the collection.
    all-genres.ejs is a file that shows a list of all of the genres associated with CDs in the collection.
    all-tracks.ejs is a file that shows a list of all of the tracks in the collection.
    index.ejs is a files that shows the home page of the CD Collection web service. It provides links to the CD Collection (all-cds.ejs), Genres (all-genres.ejs), and Tracks (all-tracks.ejs).
    one-cd.ejs is a file that shows the contents of one CD within the collection.    

    Attribute values: id, class, name, rel
    id Attribute values:
    CDs; applied to a DIV tag in all-cds.html and one-cd.html; informs the user that that file provides you with a list relating to all of the CDS within the collection
    queries: applied to a DIV tag; informs the user that the file represents a list of possible queries for this particular data collection.
    
    class Attribute Values:
    all: located in all-cds.ejs; informs the user that a list of all of the CDs are being shown
    all-tracks: located in all-tracks.ejs; informs the user that a list of all of the tracks are being      shown
    cd-name: applied to a SPAN tag and located in all-cds.ejs and one-cd.ejs; informs the user that this is the name of a particular CD
    single: applied to a SPAN tag and located in one-cd.ejs; informs the user that only a single cd from the list of CDs is being shown
    track-name:applied to a SPAN tag and located in one-track.ejs
    
    name Attribute Values:
    ASIN-keyword: applied to a FORM/INPUT tag; informs the user that an ASIN should be provided in this form
    track-keyword: applied to a FORM/INPUT tag; informs the user that a track name should be provided in this form (identified by its track number)
    rel Attribute Values:
    ASIN: located in all-cds.ejs and cd.ejs; indicates that this is the ASIN for a particular CD and links to the /{ASIN} location artist: located in one-cd.ejs; indicates that this is the artist for a particular CD
    home: indicates that this leads to the home page<br />
    cds: indicates that this leads to the page that displays all of the cds in the collection
    genres: indicates that this leads to the page that displays all of the genres in the collection
    tracks: indicates that this leads to the page that displays all of the tracks in the collection
